The final frame is 11th 34
Fit in the gate
Started
The 10th Tohoku Beauty was the best start we had started before leaving North Harbor
It is the third tow freak which took the lead from the inside, and the fifth hokkotarumae
Fleet Street from 2nd to 8th
Third place of the in-course in how the Musca regular after a long time of dart game run of No. 4 or Muzuka body from the house
Then dig 7 bullets 3 corner carve on the first lap
Kosho Freak will fly away
Ah ah ah ah
Bullet # 21 Scion best race and then from coach within Gon was local No. 9 operation of
Bee button dash
After two dogs eyes from behind refrain tofu beauty in the two-stage Iris Royal
The highest peak is Harima's migratory bird
fuck it stand by straight line out to Mawari directly below third of frostbite freak
Art to cherry blossom
I will pull away the following greatly
Hachiban Fleet Street No. 4 away from Hachiban Fleet Street
7th run Forse narrowing the Muscateul difference of the 5th
Opened but opened 11th west 4 further away sucker win pentagon best d button
Calm in the dash 1 corner
The No. 6 Harima pushed up the 3rd shot from behind the migratory bird and the candidate was the 2nd cutaway Royal 10
It is a beautiful woman in
Lead the 3rd Dongguan Freaksent to the start point and came out in front of the rally
There are 7 horses 8 horses
1 Umami difference Te do Hokkotarumae is the second fastest 8 Van Fleet Street left you can see
These 3 of the 4th Musca regulars have narrowed the gap with the Toushow Freak
The rest is the second and third half of the horse, the third and the seventh half away
Suction cup Won Pentagon after leaving the 11th Scion coming close
The most late Lee Button Rush and then the 5th Harima's Traveling Bird The 2nd most of the Royals
The highest peak is the Tohoku beauty 3 before
The owner's card 3rd tow show freckled is gone
It is issued from the outside and is lined up in front but it also takes 4 minutes to separate the back and back
I direction in a straight line in the Musukateru Fleet Street What is this then to now third fastest fourth hand
If you're in front of Seg, you're going to the North Harbor where you're going to freak out Muscatale from outside
I'm earning a booth and now I wo n't haveten
Tosho freak late third hand Hokkotarumae became than follow the two horses in the elementary process
Stock Hey this guy Me But Hokkotarumae's white street stand firm
This is the king's last record No. 5 Hokotarumae Last won the competition with Muscatale
The
The 63rd Kawasaki Memorial Conquest in response to the overwhelming popularity of the 5th Hokko Taru Mae